# Classic Arcade Game Clone Project

## Table of Contents

-   [Instructions](#instructions)
-   [Contributing](#contributing)

## Instructions

Use this [rubric](https://review.udacity.com/#!/rubrics/15/view) for self-checking your submission.

Make sure the functions you write are **object-oriented** - either class functions (like `Player` and `Enemy`) or class prototype functions such as `Enemy.prototype.checkCollisions`. Also make sure that the keyword `this` is used appropriately within your class and class prototype functions to refer to the object the function is called upon.

Your **README.md** file should be updated with instructions on both how to 1. Run and 2. Play your arcade game.

For detailed instructions on how to get started, check out this [guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1v01aScPjSWCCWQLIpFqvg3-vXLH2e8_SZQKC8jNO0Dc/pub?embedded=true).

## Contributing

This repository is the starter code for _all_ Udacity students. Therefore, we most likely will not accept pull requests.

## I gone through the below steps to build this game

-   Firstly I  downloaded the skeleton of this Project from GITHUB link <https://githib.com/udacity/frontend-nanodegree-arcade-game> through Udacity in rubric structure.
-   Then I extracted the zip file ,After extracting I opened the index.html file in google browser to run the game.
-   I understood most of the errors should be modified in  `app.js`.
-   After modifying the errors I gave the name of the player as `Player` .
-   Functions of player should be implemented like
    -   render(),
    -   update() and
    -   handleInput().
-   render() is for placing a player sprite on the canvas. and update() is for updating the player position. This function already implemented by using a dt parameter. HandleInput() function is used to handle the inputs which was given by user.
-   I initialized bugs  as `allEnemies` like array through their  `bugPositions`.
-   Then I implemented four inputs for player sprite
    -   left arrow : moves towards the left side on x-axis. This key won't work when     the player reaches left-most direction.
    -   right arrow : Moves towards the right side on x-axis. This key won't work when   the player reaches right-most direction.
    -   up arrow : Moves towards the upward direction on y-axis. This key won't work when the player reaches the up-most direction.
    -   down arrow : Moves towards the downward direction on y-axis. This key won't work when the player reaches down-most direction.
-   Then the player never move if he touch the bugs.
-   Once the player go up there if he touch the water then player `char-cat-girl` will be replaced by another player `char-pink-girl`.
-   If the player  touched the water then score will increase by one by displaying `earned`.
-   Similarly implemented Enemy activity. I developed two  functions for enemy like
    -   render() and
    -   update().
-   update() updates the enemy position based on the speed which was generated by JavaScript random function        
-   I gone through sweetalert2 to display the popup.
-   If earned goes to three then the popup will appear .
-   The popup shows like `well Done` .
-   After completion of game `Replay` will appear. If we click on the replay button then game will restart.
-   Finally game successfully completed.
